ideas

hosting
look for email hosting as well, can get address like hello@robertogomez.com
checkout dreamhost
http://lifehacker.com/get-a-year-of-dreamhost-shared-hosting-for-20-473776212

style
changing font messes with sizing/alignment of content since different fonts
have different widths, may need some way to position content depending on font
(media queries?) or use ccs styling to always automatically position items best
solution would be to create two columns and use css to center items in them
based on their size
to make home page elements align horizontally, create two large
vertical rectangular divs (columuns). then position the elements inside it absolutely
to it (the rectangles themselves would have relative positioning) and give
inside elements left and right margins of auto, basically same idea used now
3 colored stripes going down side of page
for highlighting theme, when highlight colored text, the highlight
background color can be the color of the text, the the text hightlight
color can be black also see http://grokcode.com/
can add page navigation at bottom of page, left and right,
with corner of pages sticking out like turning pages of book
prevent text selection alternative
Did you try using ::selection {color:currentColor;background:transparent}?
For Firefox you can use ::-moz-selection.
There's also the unselectable property.

content
favicon just use capital initials, white with black background
add links to projects on home page ie robot to work using # id selectors
which will automatically scroll on the work page
consider adding jr to title
resize images to the exact size needed instead of resizing with width
and height tags to reduce file size
for three smaller picturs of robot on work page, can use
one area for captions like magazines do: first, second,third
captions of pictures on work page can be overlayed, transparent black
with white lettering
software developer
backend and embedded systems developer
backend programmer and embedded systems developer
software and embedded systems developer
I have experience programming for devices such as microcontrollers and FPGAs.
...and microcontrollers, that sort of thing. I'm also talented in basic
digital circuit design, and am proficient in hardware discription languages
such as verilog and vhdl.
say based in san diego
the development of this website has made me learn about numerous 
subjects, which I have implemented in my own strategy/development
process

subjects learned
web design importance of layout
graphics editing image mapping
software version control
software release life cycle

structure
can create a changelog with the commits as reference
add official changelog in readme file

misc
maybe get project details like how many lines of code and how long it took to
make and include on about page, can github provide this or some other service
or program
consider hosting source code on github since ppl can see the code
through their browsers anyway
One of the BIGGEST things anyone can do for SEO is make your html title tag more specific.
Instead of "Freelance Web Designer - robbydesigns" you should make it more specific. Like "Freelance Web Design Devon, UK robbydesign". Or even more specific "Flash, CSS , HTML, Web Design Devon UK..."
Chances of you getting the top spot for web design, freelance web designer are very slim. You compete against tons of hugh sites (as does anyone in our field). But you throw in some specifics and you're on your way to the top returned result.